Added changelog entry for `replace-sys-acl` cli option (#24071)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/apps/ydb/CHANGELOG.md

* Added query compilation time statistics to the `ydb workload * run` command.

> * **_(Requires server v25.4+)_** Added `--replace-sys-acl` option to `tools restore` command, which specifies whether to to replace ACL for system objects or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **_(Requires server v25.3+)_** Added the `--replace-sys-acl` option to the `tools restore` command, which specifies whether to replace ACL for system objects.
```
